Sort books by date, add disclaimer (#6176)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_partials/books.adoc

NOTE: The list of books on this page is provided for informational purposes.
The books are not endorsed by Jenkins project.

> Older books on the list contain some outdated information.

Reviewer: Maybe we should disclose the order is by date, in case this is not obvious to the reader.

> NOTE: The list of books on this page is provided for informational purposes.
> The books are not endorsed by Jenkins project.
> Older books on the list contain some outdated information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
The books in this list are not endorsed by the Jenkins project.
The list of books on this page is provided for informational purposes, sorted from newest to oldest publication date.
Since older books on the list can contain outdated information, the link:/book/getting-started/[Jenkins documentation] can  help fill in any gaps.
====
```
I think the admonition block could be used in this case, since there are multiple sentences being added
I also tried to update the syntax so that it might read/explain a bit better, and rearranged the information so that the first line states that the books are not endorsed by the project. Also added a link to the jenkins documentation to help with older books/outdated information.

[NOTE]
====
The books in this list are not endorsed by the Jenkins project.
The list of books on this page is provided for informational purposes, sorted from newest to oldest publication date.

> Since older books on the list can contain outdated information, the link:/book/getting-started/[Jenkins documentation] can  help fill in any gaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since older books on the list can contain outdated information, the link:/doc/[Jenkins documentation] can help fill in any gaps.
```
There's no getting started on the books page, do you mean this page, by any chance?

Reviewer 2: @NotMyFault, yes that is what I had intended to put there, I removed the /doc/ part instead of the /book/ part from the url I was using. Thanks for catching that!!
